[TablePaginationUnstyled] Introduce new component (#29759)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/tables/tables.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/ReactVirtualizedTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Unstyled table

> If you would like to use unstyled Table, you can use the primitive elements and enhanced the table with an unstyled pagination as showned in the demo below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use an unstyled Table, you can use the primitive elements and enhance the table with the unstyled pagination as shown in the demo below.
```
